Grievance and Appeal Process
Policy Number 148

Policy:
This policy was developed as a guideline designed to allow participants to register grievances against a staff member in a fair and reasonable manner. These procedures provide guidelines for handling grievances and appeals by participants and staff in such a manner as to create a fair and balanced decision for the participant and staff member alike.

The following general principles shall apply to each disciplinary action taken:
1. A conduct/incident report of the violation committed by a participant must be submitted by the staff member within twenty-four (24) hours of the incident occurring.
2. Disciplinary action shall be taken at such times and in such measures and degree as is necessary to manage a participant's behavior within acceptable limits.
3. Participant behavior shall be managed in an unbiased manner.
4. Disciplinary action shall not be retaliatory or for the purpose of revenge.
5. Corporal punishment of any kind is strictly prohibited.
6. A participant shall be allowed an appeal hearing prior to a determination of guilt or innocence or prior to the imposition of any disciplinary action if they do not admit to the allegations in the disciplinary report.
7. The participant will be given an opportunity to respond to conduct by a staff member in the form of a grievance report.

Timeline for Filing a Grievance
1. A grievance report about the conduct of an employee by a participant must be submitted to the Assistant Director within twenty-four hours of the incident. No grievance complaints by a participant will be accepted after the twenty-four-hour (24) deadline.
2. If there are mitigating circumstances that in the view of the Assistant Director warrant extending the twenty-four-hour (24) time limit the Assistant Director may do so.
3. If an extension is granted, both the participant and the staff member are to be notified in writing at the time the extension is granted.
4. Complaints pertaining to enhanced case plan requirements or "learning experiences" cannot be grieved.

Interviews and Investigation
1. The staff member and the complaining participant will be interviewed separately by the Assistant Director within seventy-two (72) hours.
2. If the grievance is severe in nature, the Director and Assistant Director will review the grievance prior to interviewing the parties involved.
3. The Assistant Director should carefully examine the grievance to make a determination if the grievance has been filed as retaliation against the staff member.
4. If the grievance appears to be frivolous or reciprocal, the Assistant Director shall meet with the participant and explain this finding. Both the participant and staff member should receive a written notice of this finding.
5. If the grievance does not warrant a hearing due to the participant's obvious or admitted violation of the program policies or procedures, the Assistant Director will advise the participant in writing as to why there will not be a hearing. The matter will not proceed any further.

Evidence and Documentation
1. All documents concerning the grievance will be kept in the participant's permanent file.
2. Any video evidence will be stored in a file on the Assistant Director's computer.
3. Any physical evidence will be kept in a locked storage space.
4. Physical evidence must be marked with the participant's name and the date of the incident, then sealed, signed, and dated by the person storing the evidence.
5. The person sealing the evidence bag should sign and date the bag by the opening, then place enough clear packing tape over the signature, date, and opening so that the opening is completely sealed.
6. Any evidence of a crime that could result in criminal charges must be turned over to the investigating law enforcement agency.

Report of Findings
1. The findings of the review will be reported to the participant and the staff member within twenty-four (24) hours in writing.

Disciplinary Action
1. If the participant's action warrants disciplinary action or any disciplinary action should be upheld the Assistant Director will inform the case manager and the participant in writing as soon as the action has been determined.
2. If the Assistant Director believes that it may be necessary to take disciplinary action against the staff member, the Director must be involved.

Appeal:
1. A request for an appeal of the staff member's conduct and incident report against a participant must be submitted by the participant in writing within twenty-four (24) hours to the Director, Assistant Director, or case manager.
2. The Director, Assistant Director, and a third-party staff member not directly involved in the disciplinary action will review the report.
3. A review of the conduct/incident report must take place within five days of the report.
4. The case manager will report the findings of the review to the participant within twenty-four hours.
5. Minor violation appeal requests must be submitted to the Director, Assistant Director, or the case manager, within twenty-four hours.
6. Major violations cannot be appealed because all major violations will be referred to the Prosecutor and the sentencing court by the case manager.

Appeal Hearing Notification:
1. For appeals which the Assistant Director finds merit, the Assistant Director will notify the participant and involved staff members that the appeal will be going to a Disciplinary Appeal Hearing.

Appeal Hearing Process
1. The hearing will take place in a location that provides video and audio recording.
2. The Director, Assistant Director, and case manager will serve as the appeal board.
3. Staff account given with any pertinent evidence
4. Participant account given along with explanation for appeal and any pertinent evidence.
5. Appeal Board has opportunity to ask questions of both staff and participant
6. Staff and participant excused for Appeal Board meeting and conclusion
7. Appeal Board completes the Appeal Board form and signs