so no physical health concerns no just this gray hair coming in
that concerns me a little bit
how's your mental health doing uh pretty good good no concerns there okay
uh how is sobriety
gone uh pretty easy actually a lot easier than i thought it would be good good
any thoughts dreams
urges to use a drink no i've been having some crazy dreams but not about
drinking or
i used to smoke pot so i don't even dream about that it's just weird dreams like
being at my old family's place in Bedford on White River.
Okay.
I'm just noting again in this part of the system that I talked to Kyle and you're
good
on your substance abuse evaluation.
Sweet.
And then I'm also noting that you've completed your impact panels.
Will that be shared with my probation officer?
I will forward this over to them when I scan it in.
I have a meeting with her, I think it's at 7 or 8.
Today?
Yeah.
Okay.
I probably won't have it scanned over by then, so what I'll do is I'll just take a
copy of it.
When you go to meet with her, just…
It's Amber Sijin.
Yep.
When you go to meet with her, just give her this like you did with me, and
she'll probably
take a copy of it for their file as well.
um how is everything going at home uh pretty good okay how is family doing
uh i haven't really talked i'm waiting on my pass
my dad's not much of a phone person like he'll straight he'll see that you call
it's just he's
not a phone person.
He's all the same.
It's that important.
You'll come talk to his face.
Good support system in place.
Yeah, for the most part.
Good.
Okay.
I have the address on file.
Is 1412 Peyton Avenue in Indy?
Yep.
Okay.
Phone number ends in 9671?
Yep.
I still have the fencing company.
Yep.
Let me know once we start the community service hours so I can keep track
of those okay
And there's no rush on that at all.
Just whenever you want to get started on that, we can start seeing.
I was wanting to have this jail stuff done.
That way I can promise every Saturday or whatever to the people.
That's fair.
yeah and like i said there's absolutely no rush on it so if you do wait you're not
going to get
in trouble here all right so i want to get it done because i have you on until
august yeah so we've got plenty of time between now and then to get 40
hours community service
is done. So if you wait till jail time's done, that would make sense. I'm not, I
mean, if
you want to start it before then that's also totally fine. Just let me know either
way.
any prescription medications no okay
let me know if the information I gave you for court fact works well for you or
not if yeah it
Okay, perfect.
As I say, if you have any other problems, just give me a call or shoot me an
email and let me know.
Thank you.
Okay. I will schedule your next appointment and then we'll take a look at your
locations
for last week and then we'll get you scheduled on and you'll be out of here,
okay? Are we
every week or are we every other week uh we've been every week until this
past okay
would you like to go every other week is that that's up to you i'm here either
way so
uh it don't matter to me honestly i mean how do we like so do i start getting
the 10 hours
this week yes so how would we schedule that i have to schedule it for two
weeks at a time you you can always email me at the start of next week and let
me know what you want for that week that fine yeah it up to you if it would be
easier
for you to keep meeting weekly we can do that it's easier for you to meet
every other week
we'll do that yeah that's fine which one every other week okay just save a little
bit on
gas yeah that's understandable so that would have us pushed out to the 21st
uh at 6 30.
Nice.
And then looking at locations for last week.
That was everywhere.
Comes with the job, right?
I'm glad you're staying busy with that.
sometimes it can be difficult when it's your own company so nah i'm pretty
sure control is like
yeah it's robert again that's okay though that's okay it's part of their job
my son started working with me about a week ago and how's he doing he's
doing pretty good
poor girl he needs to go to the gym
oh gosh
okay
but he goes what are you becoming a cop
I was like no I'm just calling
control for my house arrest
oh my gosh
when the field officer
stopped by my house I was like hey man
if you got time to weigh about 15 minutes
scared the shit out of him
oh gosh
looking at your
schedule
I have work on Monday
through Saturday
7 to 6 every day
our check-ins
on Wednesdays
it's going to show our check-in on your
schedule weekly that just gives you the ability to go in and put schedule
request in for that
off week where we don't meet okay um would you like to schedule out the 10
hours you have this
week um can we do like four hours tomorrow yeah what time after work six to
ten or whatever okay
where are we going uh probably my girlfriend's
Do you know that address?
I can get it for you.
1502 Murphy Landing Drive, Indianapolis 46207.
to Murphy Landings Drive.
Landings Drive.
And then are we allowed to go to dinner or anything like oh nice i know it
going to be hard to nail down exactly where you guys want to go
um it'll probably be the mexican place right by your house or as long as as
long as you save your
receipts and bring them in to me it's not gonna make a difference to me okay
where you guys go
you just can't go to
bars, clubs, strip clubs, casinos
places like that
outside of that
your incentive time is pretty
flexible
am I still scheduled up for chores today?
or
going to the bank, grocery store
I don't have that on there
but I can make sure that that's all there.
At least it just fell off
at the end of the month so it may
extend that.
You are still
scheduled out for that.
I stopped by last week
and it was like a 96
minute late. I was like, man, I'm not
wasting my whole time here.
uh you still have six hours of incentive time do you want to schedule that out
no because
only thing i have left really i'm going to be in jail all weekend so that's fair i
forgot about
that i forgot about that so okay unless i can do like two hours on sunday to
visit my parents
after i get up what time you think you'll be out sunday i think i get out of six i'm
not for sure
Okay, so you want to say like six to eight?
That's fine.
Okay.
No, well, I have to go from jail to home because...
You're fine.
Okay.
Just tell them when they put my bracelet back on that I'm stopping by my
parents with my pass.
Yep.
Is that 5890 McFarland?
Okay.
Yep.
Alrighty.
Then we are good to go.
Give me a call or shoot me an email would probably be better next week and
let me know
if you want to schedule your incentive time for that week and when.
Yep.
You want a copy of that?
Yes.
You can copy that and then we'll be good to go.